# adaptify: Demonstrator 3
This demonstrator resembles an economy simulation god-game where the user has to take care of the population of a procedurally generated island. Per session, one main mission has to be completed, which is achieved through subtasks, such as ``Provide food for your villagers'' by constructing a set of houses, fields and windmills and make them work. In an embedded, interactive tutorial the mayor of the town presents the exercises required in this session and how they influence the world when executed.

The user, however, is free to choose the order in which the subtasks are completed. He can, for example, choose to construct all required buildings first and then perform different exercises subsequently or he can postpone the residual execution of an exercise to a later point of time to focus on other subtasks. (e.g.: constructing a wind mill and use the wind-generating exercise first before returning to the construction of other buildings). 
The sum of these subtasks corresponds to the underlying set of exercises and is dynamically adapted to changing difficulties/repetitions/holding periods.
For example, if the generated mission requires four buildings to be constructed and each building needs wood to be built, then the wood collection time for a single building is calculated by dividing the total time that was defined as required for "standing punches" by the number of buildings in the mission. In that way, the user can e.g. choose to finish "standing punches" halfway, then spend time on other exercises, and finally return to the residual wood for the remaining two buildings. This approach enables freedom of choice while still ensuring that the minimal amount of time/repetitions for all exercises is satisfied.

Instead of a score system, this demonstrator uses a resource management approach. The required resources are automatically adjusted to reflect a given set and repetitions / durations of exercises, but players can freely determine the order.
The resources are displayed at all times, as well as the progress of each individual exercise, the remaining subtasks and the main goal. If the latter is completed, all villagers come together in the village center to celebrate and thank the player. Afterwards, a final screen is presented, showing the success of the current session and further unexplored content that can be unlocked.
